[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[jami.localizablestrings]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/Localizable.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/Localizable.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxAccAdvanced]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/AccAdvanced.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/AccAdvanced.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxAccAudio]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/AccAudio.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/AccAudio.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxAccGeneral]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/AccGeneral.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/AccGeneral.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxAccounts]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/Accounts.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/Accounts.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxAccRing]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/AccRing.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/AccRing.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxAccSecurity]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/AccSecurity.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/AccSecurity.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxAccVideo]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/AccVideo.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/AccVideo.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxAudioPrefs]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/AudioPrefs.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/AudioPrefs.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxCertificateWindow]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/CertificateWindow.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/CertificateWindow.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxCurrentCall]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/CurrentCall.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/CurrentCall.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxGeneralPrefs]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/GeneralPrefs.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/GeneralPrefs.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxMainMenu]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/MainMenu.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/MainMenu.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxPersonLinker]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/PersonLinker.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/PersonLinker.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxPreferencesWindow]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/PreferencesWindow.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/PreferencesWindow.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxRingWindow]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/RingWindow.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/RingWindow.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxRingWizard]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/RingWizard.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/RingWizard.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxVideoPrefs]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/VideoPrefs.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/VideoPrefs.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[jami.osxConversation]
file_filter = ui/<lang>.lproj/Conversation.strings
source_file = ui/Base.lproj/Conversation.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS
